>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, more things
to consider, and then I'm done.
So if you're doing something in place,
you are essentially creating side effects,
so whenever you do that you want to
discuss that with your interviewer.
So, for example,
the reason side effects are bad
is because if you are mutating
your data structure.
We're talking a lot about
having things by reference,
so if you change this data
structure it can have unintended
consequences in other places on your
code that are also relying on this data.
So whenever you do an in-place algorithm,
you're essentially doing side effects.
So you're saving space.
But there is a trade-off and so
just being aware that and whether or
not you should preserve
the original order.
Set versus map versus object.
We talked about that, so
like different lengths.
All your off-by-one errors.
Optimizing versus readability.
What's better?
If you're gonna take it to the next step,
if you're gonna use bit shifting
is that truly optimizing?
Or are you sacrificing readability for the
person who comes up after you who's not
aware, who's not very familiar
with bit wise kind of operators?
Also, just always think about what more
information can you ask your interviewer?
Because often you can
basically figure out exactly
what the, so, if you ask enough questions.
It's not like they're gonna
give you the answer, but
based on the constraints they give you,
like time complexity constraints,
space complexity constraints, and
you know your data structures,
you can kinda whittle down
what kind of problem it is.
So just keep thinking about,
okay, what are the more,
what's more information
than I could ask for?